Add event platform to ntfy integration (#38726)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ntfy.markdown

{% enddetails %}

## Events

> An event entity is created for each configured topic. These entities subscribe to their respective topics and receive notifications from the **ntfy** service in real-time. Each event entity exposes the full contents of the notification — including links, attachments, tags, and other metadata — through its attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An {% term event %} {% term entity %} is created for each configured topic. These entities subscribe to their respective topics and receive notifications from the **ntfy** service in real-time. Each event entity exposes the full contents of the notification through its attributes. These attributes include links, attachments, tags, and other metadata.
```
- Grammar comment: There shouldn't be spaces around m-dashes (don't let AI convince you otherwise).

Author: @c0ffeeca7 Oh, i did that mistake totally on my own, I don't trust AI enough, although i should have, because when it suggested that, it was actually correct and I added the spaces 😂

> You can use event entities in automations to trigger actions in Home Assistant, or forward notifications to other devices for further processing or alerting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use {% term event %} {% term entities %} in automations. For example, to trigger actions in Home Assistant, or to forward notifications to other devices for further processing or alerting.
```
